TODO.md, before:

- Permissions and tiers 

- Implement capacity on # of active user bubls. Join certain numbers for different tiers.
    - 1 active free tier

- Invite functionality
    - In the future, send email

- Things to look into before beta test:
    - Expiration of photos and bubls needs to be implemented
    - token expiration and refresh token mechanisms
    - https to encrpyt data in transit between client and server
    - look into whether or not my encryption methods are good
    - input validation on client AND server side
    - Look into session management to track user sessions securely. 
    - Robust error handling mechanisms and frontend reactive displays when something goes wrong. (already have some, but not all. some will just throw error message to console.)
    - Get rid of all error messages showing up in the developer console on browser
    - notifications for new uploads, comments, or likes.
    - pagination for when there is lots of photos.
        - optimization of app. look into webRTC again for socket based connection instead of pinging the backend API every second for update
        - OR implement a refresh button/functionality.

- Admin page in the bubls menu where the edit and delete are...
    - multiselect dropdown menu for kicking.

- separate search bar into 3 sections ( name: _____ | description: _____ | tags: [school][cat] )

Commit message:

first changes, app very messy rn. no functionality really working

TODO.md, after:

- Permissions and tiers 

- Implement capacity on # of active user bubls. Join certain numbers for different tiers.
    - 1 active free tier

- Invite functionality
    - In the future, send email

- Things to look into before beta test:
    - Expiration of photos and bubls needs to be implemented
    - token expiration and refresh token mechanisms
    - https to encrpyt data in transit between client and server
    - look into whether or not my encryption methods are good
    - input validation on client AND server side
    - Look into session management to track user sessions securely. 
    - Robust error handling mechanisms and frontend reactive displays when something goes wrong. (already have some, but not all. some will just throw error message to console.)
    - Get rid of all error messages showing up in the developer console on browser
    - notifications for new uploads, comments, or likes.
    - pagination for when there is lots of photos.
        - optimization of app. look into webRTC again for socket based connection instead of pinging the backend API every second for update
        - OR implement a refresh button/functionality.

- Admin page in the bubls menu where the edit and delete are...
    - multiselect dropdown menu for kicking.

- implement tags maybe?

- get rid of invalid bubls from bubls page with negative days before mongo deletes them

- get rid of the name in the gallery

- implement the bubl photo_groups
    - each bubl should have a list of "photo_groups"
    - starts off as []
    - create endpoint for creation
    - reactively display photo groups from backend
    - when click a photo group, should display...
        - photos in that photo group
        - upload photo button/interface
        - double click photos to like them/unlike them
        - sorting functionality
        - should be able to take a lot of the functionality from the gallery and plop it right in.
    - don't worry about reworking the whole app. just do the base implementation and work from there. what i want to add here is purely JUST organization for the user. the pricing and other functionality still holds. this is a just a way for the user to organize their photos.
